One theme that I keep pushing is that you should really follow your passion
and if you have a career that is following your passion that's
fine. Not everybody can do that so chances are you can wind up in a
job that you're very interested in, even though it's not your passion.
Maybe your passion is just your hobby. So the job that you have
number one you want it to pay the right salary. If it's paying less
than what you want then maybe you go in and maybe you're smiling every
day, but I think you'll always have in the back of your mind, "maybe
I can be doing something better." So if you can, try to like aim
high, aim high for a good job, for the best job that you can be. Don't
be you know the local department store clerk if you really want
to be a NASA employee you know. I think there's going to be a disconnect
that you might not be able to get over. Nothing against us those
clerks. Another thing would be the people that are around you. So
you can be in for instance a place with a cubicle and you can be doing
quality work there. But if you're a very sociable person, and you
want to be talking with people to help you and you want to help them,
that cubicle might not be the best job for you even though it might
be an interesting job that you like. So you have to realize the sociable
aspect of it, the payment salary aspect of it, and the passion
aspect of it. If you can find some kind of combination that all three
fit, so that you come into work smiling, knowing that you have
challenges ahead, knowing that you can be well promoted, then I think
that that's the kind of job that we're all looking for.